----------------------------------------------------------------
The siunitx package --- A comprehensive (SI) units package
Maintained by Joseph Wright
E-mail: joseph.wright@morningstar2.co.uk
Released under the LaTeX Project Public License v1.3c or later
See http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt
----------------------------------------------------------------

Typesetting values with units requires care to ensure that the
combined mathematical meaning of the value plus unit combination
is clear.  In particular, the SI units system lays down a
consistent set of units with rules on how these are to be used.
However, different countries and publishers have differing
conventions on the exact appearance of numbers (and units).

The siunitx provides a set of tools for authors to typeset
numbers and units in a consistent way.  The package has an
extended set of configuration options which make it possible to
follow varying typographic conventions with the same input
syntax.  The package includes automated processing of numbers
and units, and the ability to control tabular alignment of
numbers.

A number of LaTeX packages have been developed in the past for
formatting units: SIunits, sistyle, unitsdef, unitspkg,
fancyunits and fancynum.  Support for users of all of these
packages is available as emulation modules in siunitx.  In
addition, siunitx can carry out many of the functions of the
dcolumn, rccol and numprint packages.
